README.md, before:

# Capstone Project - Cookie Masters 🍪

This is my first Capstone Project! take a look at this Table of contents to know more about this. 😄

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Cookie Masters 2023 <a name="about-project"></a>

> In this first capstone project, I had the challenge of designing a web page and I decided to make it about one of the things that I like the most, cookies, and specifically create Cookie Masters International Course 2023. 🍪🙌

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

1- HTML.

2- CSS.

3- JavaScript

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Added Popup widow for menu button**
- **Added About section**
- **Responsive Web Design**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Coming Soon... 🙌

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

1. Web Browser (Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, etc).
2. Code Editor (Visual Studio Code or similar).
3. Git.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Run this command:

```sh
  cd my-desired-folder

  git clone https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/capstone-project-cookiemasters.git

  cd capstone-project-cookiemasters
```

### Install

Install this project with:

You have to install linters locally and here is a [documentation](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/tree/master/html-css-js) to do it, just check it out and follow step by step the instrutions.

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open *index.html* using live server extension in Visual Studio Code.

### Run tests

> Coming Soon...

### Deployment

> Coming Soon...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Luis Valera

- GitHub: [@Luiscarlosvd](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd)
- Twitter: [@Luiscarlosvd29](https://twitter.com/Luiscarlosvd29)
- LinkedIn: [Luis Valera](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-valera-6a5749267/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Add Program Page. 😁
- [ ] Add JavaScript functionalities. 💪
- [ ] Add nice backgrounds and more styling. 👏

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like Cookie Master's Project just give me a star! ⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse Team, my friends, my family and my girlfriend, they are all my support and inspiration. ✨

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

>Original design idea by [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07). <br>
>[Image of the background in Main Program by vector_corp on Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/abstract-dark-low-poly-background_25861887.htm#query=website%20background%20black&position=14&from_view=search&track=ais). <br>
>This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Added video and live demo of the project in readme file

README.md, after:

# Capstone Project - Cookie Masters 🍪

This is my first Capstone Project! take a look at this Table of contents to know more about this or go watch [my video describing this project.](https://www.loom.com/share/332a616678d34a42afb0ee3051b9afcf)😄

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Cookie Masters 2023 <a name="about-project"></a>

> In this first capstone project, I had the challenge of designing a web page and I decided to make it about one of the things that I like the most, cookies, and specifically create Cookie Masters International Course 2023. 🍪🙌

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

1- HTML.

2- CSS.

3- JavaScript

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#">HTML</a></li>
    <li><a href="#">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Added Popup widow for menu button**
- **Added About section**
- **Responsive Web Design**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> Go to see the live Demo [here!](https://luiscarlosvd.github.io/capstone-project-cookiemasters/) 🙌

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

1. Web Browser (Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, etc).
2. Code Editor (Visual Studio Code or similar).
3. Git.

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Run this command:

```sh
  cd my-desired-folder

  git clone https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd/capstone-project-cookiemasters.git

  cd capstone-project-cookiemasters
```

### Install

Install this project with:

You have to install linters locally and here is a [documentation](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/tree/master/html-css-js) to do it, just check it out and follow step by step the instrutions.

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open *index.html* using live server extension in Visual Studio Code.

### Run tests

> Coming Soon...

### Deployment

> Coming Soon...

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 Luis Valera

- GitHub: [@Luiscarlosvd](https://github.com/Luiscarlosvd)
- Twitter: [@Luiscarlosvd29](https://twitter.com/Luiscarlosvd29)
- LinkedIn: [Luis Valera](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luis-valera-6a5749267/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Add Program Page. 😁
- [ ] Add JavaScript functionalities. 💪
- [ ] Add nice backgrounds and more styling. 👏

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like Cookie Master's Project just give me a star! ⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse Team, my friends, my family and my girlfriend, they are all my support and inspiration. ✨

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

>Original design idea by [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07). <br>
>[Image of the background in Main Program by vector_corp on Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/abstract-dark-low-poly-background_25861887.htm#query=website%20background%20black&position=14&from_view=search&track=ais). <br>
>This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
